Situation #6 

Guard - Your Royalty! I found a tongue in a jar thats the size of a chalace in Meowington IV's home! What would you like me to do? 

Answer 1: Exile Meowington IV! What a disgrace you have brought to this kingdom... Look at the size of that thing!

Answer 2: Off with Meowington IV's head! That tongue is past the limit! 

Answer 3: It's just a tongue you idiot! Who cares? Release him at once. 


Situation #7 

Guard: Sire! Which new cape would be better suited for our royal guards to wear? 

Answer 1: The pink one of course!

Answer 2: The purple one of course!


Situation #8  

Jackrabbit the Jester - Greetings Sire, it is I once again. I wish to perform for you later today as I have created a new act and would love for you to be the first to see! May I be granted your blessing to perform for your court this evening? 

Answer 1: Not you again! Get out of here you imbecile! You never seem to learn that no one wants to hear or see you ever again! 

Answer 2: Why, of course you can! I would be most delighted and honored to be the very first to watch your new act! See you soon!   


Situation #9 


Meowington V - Your Royalty! I saw this guard eating a grape from the mystical grapevine earlier today! I didn't know what to do, so I came to you first! 

Answer 1: It's just grapes? Obviously you dont know the laws and your just trying to get revenge on the Guard for exiling your father. Now you can join him! Guards, take him away! 

Answer 2: Guards! Find the one who did this and chop off his head! No one shall touch the grapes! Thank you, Meowington V. 


Situation #10 

Crowd - Your Highness! We would love to invite you to our food festival of bugs on this starry friday night at the tavern. Would you care to join us? 

Answer 1: Why, yes indeed! I'd love to join you later on for the bug festival as its been a while since I've eaten anything.

Answer 2: You must be kidding me! EATING BUGS! ON THIS DAY! Off with their heads! 



Situation #11 

Caitlyn - My King, I have a strange predicament regarding two pumpkins that just grew and would like your assistance! I have a nice orange pumpkin of course, but the other one came out purple!? Which one would you say is more valuable? 

Answer 1: Why, it would be the purple one! 

Answer 2: Why would you ever think the purple one, you fool? Good pumpkins are orange!  


Situation #12 

Cathy - Good morning, your Highness! I have a question regarding what crop I should grow, so I can get more value out of it. I'm either going to grow blueberries or apples, what do you think? 

Answer 1: Blueberries will give you better value! 

Answer 2: Apples will give you more value! 


Situation #13 

Guard - Sire, I cut this tongue the size of my thumb from one of our fallen enemies and I would like to keep it! May I? 

Answer 1: Why yes! A perfectly good sized trophy from your battle, I must say! 

Answer 2: You must discard that at once! Disgusting...


Situation #14 

Guard - Your Highness, Tom has decided to host a spider eating contest on this sunny Thursday afternoon. 

Tom - As I told the Guard, your Highness, I didn't see an issue with it on days like today! 

Guard - Quiet! What would you like to do? 

Answer 1: Release him, you fool! It's a perfectly legal day to eat spiders! As it seems you don't know our rules here and are interrupting everyones day because of your stupidity, be gone and never return to the kingdom! 

Answer 2: Put Tom in Prison for 1 year! You know the rules and today isn't a day for eating spiders! 



Siuation #15 

Jackrabbit the Jester - Sire! Cathy requested a showing for her and her family, which I fulfilled but they never paid me for it! Would you be so kind to help me out? 

Answer 1: Hahaha! No, I will not help you, silly rabbit. You got tricked and there's nothing you can do about it. 

Answer 2: Guards! Find Cathy and make her pay double! 

Answer 3: Guards! Find Cathy and off with her head! That'll show her and everyone else not to mess with our fine jesters! 